what is that guys Jason I see here I'll
walk into a brand new video today we've
got a full team that season hybrid it's
not really greatest hybrids as of course
we are limited to what blues we can use
in this squad will set you back about 2
million coins if you do decide to buy it
so as always if you get advice once at
Inquisitor by players like II see on
your screen and a second they go check
out the FIFA shot block on it okay all
the links down below that description
box and used its own kind of messy ten
ok five cent discount all of your orders
and also if we can nail one does my
physical builder that would be
absolutely awesome and finally in the
coins blow guys don't let on he your
thoughts do you think handicap exists on
FIFA and they seem to be a absolute
prime example when I personally believe
in it but will get in saturday second so
the team consists of a 433 formation as
its kind of the easiest today a hybrid
in my opinion and the goalkeeper was a
letter I hate him in that Bundesliga 14
this season but he was absolutely
awesome as you saw that I save I put in
just a second ago that was against a
full legends team and I was going to
take rude Hulett so I wasn't too shabby
whatsoever the sentiment part is going
to be ömer toprak wears a 2 on pace and
some very nice defending heading stats
and also a benattia who in my opinion
probably one of the best defenders in
the game not a lot of guys got 99 shot
power which if I'm correct he's a got
power head of trade so I think that
corners and when he hit his head on the
corner I think they're actually I rocket
so am I think sharp air comes into play
that that instance as well the left eye
was a labatt and the right back was my
Khan who is an absolute God on to
midfield on which consists of Phillip
Blum Steven Gerrard and daniele de rossi
de Rossi for me was the biggest letdown
and Aslan wasn't impressive either they
both didn't recon tree at all whereas
Jared offices a higher position so he
probably gets more of the ball rather
than the two beside him so overall this
team just didn't perform as it should
have because it looks absolutely
incredible and it didn't really seem
like that it seemed that my players were
always like it felt like I all has had
constant delay and I'm not too sure why
em but these front 3 to further the
middleman a dental story's done
absolutely awesome work for me a goals
in seven games isn't too fantastic but
he have used him before in a separate
team I think he got and like 40 goals in
my 18 games so this man can provide you
a lot of goals Raheem Sterling hey don't
pretty poor in this team
100k I don't know if he got his normal
kinda think he'd probably do a better
job because the less blues and finally
Marco Royce em he was a huge
disappointment for me I know a lot of
people very like him and imagine if he's
normal Bundesliga team he'd be
absolutely awesome but he didn't really
do much in this team it is core to
absolute belters I'll give him that but
overall the team could performed a lot
better guys in them except for two
million coins you can get a lot better
em but I Roy it looks pretty good so if
you have the coins to splash I'd
recommend try it out see if you get
handicap as well so um benattia is
incredible geyser but at ER is so damn
strong and he's rapid he's not like slow
at all so I things like 180 thousand
coins which is one of the it's ludicrous
how cheap is same as Chiellini they're
both incredible defenders they're both
round like 300 k are under which is mad
for what you get for the moment goes so
in these clips you'll see an absolute
wonder goal from Michaelmas term i wanna
talk about 400 and like 25k for real he
is the best right back of the game he
has every single stat above 80 he is
strong as in game and he has long
short of dreams and michael for me his
normal card is probably my favorite
right back on the game so look at this
for a go look at this touch and a boom
holy from mike on that isn't insane
insane go i've even that good i'm gonna
show you some slow motion replays
because i love how he struck it and it
just proves that if it I might make a
team guys if you're interested I might
make a teammate with him a right-wing on
seven chemistry because I feel he'll be
like an absolute God because it's shot
paris 99 and yeah he's an incredible
player so i'd recommend try him out of
everyone in this team guys and the next
but then I send how good Leno was leno's
actually extremely good in this team
saved a lot of their shots and but I did
can see a lot of corners guys I'm a nose
a bit of but look that for a
partial Michaels I've straight over the
top to Daniel Sturridge who is going to
bang that in every single time and
everything just seemed to go against
through this team like a lot of time
when is a corner my players will have a
not switched player and that was pretty
the main feature looking for a girl from
Marco Royce that's not see incredible
dippin all right there from him and
I just score another one in a few clips
time I don't know if it's the next one
and whatever see a nice
you know this and this is a another
header from Daniel Sturridge who get
does get the right place the right time
to be fair to him and and he's also he
fills his pace a lot of strikers on this
game tend to have like nutty past pace
with don't feel it in game but Daniel
stones definitely one that does and this
is my carotid second boomer I reckon I
want to try them again the normal team I
reckon you'd be a god but in this team
that's why I'm gonna base them off I
don't really on a base a player off a 14
the season scored hence why I pray we'll
try them and other teens guys so if you
have enjoyed the video make sure to
leave it a like rating subscribe for
daily fee 14 content and I will see you
guys next time